meet Noah Noah was a bloody nice bloke
compared to the rest of the world one
day I have a God appeared and God said
build me an art piece it's gonna rain a
lot he'll drown with that boat and Noah
said okay I should get right to it and
so know it took evening classes in
nautical engineering and then took some
pieces of wood and hammered them with
hammers onto other pieces of wood
touch this
and the people they saw the ark and they
said unto Noah lo why he built this my
friend we live in a desert and Noah said
Morgan free I mean the LORD hath spoken
and I have done his will in building
this Ark and the people laughed heartily
and Noah said unto the disbelievers that
they were incorrect the Lord shall
punish them for the wicked crimes of an
undisclosed nature but for which they
most definitely deserve to be drowned in
nasty ways and the Lord said unto Noah
thou shalt gather two of each of the
animals from far and from wide but
especially from far and Noah began to
have reservations about the whole thing
and so Noah travelled across the lands
from the cold frozen deserts of the
Antarctic to the world and hostile
valleys of whales and gathered here at
the Ark great bull elephants and the
majestic Eagles and the burrowing moles
and the wandering antelopes and the
frogs and the marmots and the guinea
pigs and fruit bats and the llamas and
the brown bears and the black bears and
the pigeons the parrots and the praying
mantis and the beaver and the flying
squirrel knew the climbing squirrels and
salamander and the shrews and the
platypuses and the bees and the French
and the swans and the blue footed
boobies and the koalas and the kangaroos
and desert prison of flamingoes and the
Foxes on the fucking Badgers and the
weasels and the herons and the Rhinos
and the scorpions and the cobras and
mice and the giraffes and it
brontosauruses and the goats and the
pigs and rabbits and
when to do
the animals went in to buy to the
elephant and and they all went into the
and so it came to pass that the
water-based punishment of the Lord fell
upon all the lands and it rained for a
long time and after while the people
began to wonder if no was not a raving
lunatic after all but had been telling
the truth many got on their knees and
apologized whatever it is they had
sinned against the Lord although they
were very sketchy on the details of what
it was exactly they did wrong as the
Lord has us far only communicated his
displeasure through the medium of
rainfall which is notoriously bad as a
device of informants of communication
and had forgotten the option of writing
a strongly-worded letter like a normal
person would fuck
thus the floodwaters rose in the poor
homeless people drowned followed by the
pulpy with ground fault flats
followed by slightly richer people the
second for accommodation followed by
rich people who lived in wooden
Zeppelin's as shown by the fossil record
carbon dated around 4800 years ago but
the key point is that all the nasty vile
horrible dirty sinners were drowned
horribly in fear and pain and the Lord
saw that this was good as the
floodwaters rose higher they burst the
dams and mountains to carve out great
crevices and canyons in the lands
sometimes even doubling back on
themselves to make sure they comply with
21st century geology because the Lord is
clever like that but the Ark was
absolutely fine not us and he broken
apart by the flood or any bits of
mountains have been catastrophic torn
from the land because Noah was awesome -
building boats and he was eight feet
tall or something and so the flood set
about carving the new face of the planet
instructing the constant shift and move
through various complicated yet
definitely correct and not at all
completely fucking stupid geological
processes also the flood sorted through
the layers of rock settling them into
many geological strata which can be seen
in canyons because the flood made the
strata and then the flood made the
canyons through the strata but it's the
same flood because the Lord works in
mysterious ways which will totally
correct and true and makes sense and as
an added bonus the flood made sure all
the trees stayed upright when it
battered them down and buried them in
rocks and the future humans could look
appallingly low these trees which were
upright agree with the evidence we have
from the wooden Zeppelin's that there
was a great worldwide flood that flooded
everything precisely four thousand years
ago because there was a diet he was
angry at sinners and his book on the
subject is thus correct and as if we
needed any more proof we have some toast
with Jesus on it find neither rain stock
but no is left floating for a long time
while the waters subsided to wherever
the waters subsided - probably into the
crust of the earth or possibly ejected
into outer space which the upright trees
prove is fact and not at all bullshit
however Noah and the animals were all
very hungry because they didn't carry
enough food on the art because all knows
wisdom and shipbuilding he didn't build
a fucking TARDIS with hundreds of
warehouses worth of storage so simply
ate the dinosaurs and that's definitely
how they became extinct finally the ark
came to rest
the mountains of ararat and there was
much rejoicing until they realize how to
suck up a fucking mountain with various
hundreds of species who are not very
good at being stuck up a fucking
mountain however they got down somehow
and also thank you now for saving us now
we go back to our natural habitats all
the habitats were however a bit muddy
also there was nothing to eat because
all the other animals and plants were
dead as it was all the sea life any sea
life of plants ec2 there lies from Satan
who wants to turn you away from the
Lord's truth but the animals survived
somehow because of the upright trees and
the fossilized footing to boot so this
all definitely happened and this is all
proof because they found this Apple
engine Jesus is coming back to the ranch
and we will burn in hell for our sins
against the Lord and let go me I'm
perfectly sane look at the upright trees
look at them look at the misses sign
look at the toast look at Jesus